# Updated-Portfoli
I created a new portfolio page using Bootstrap and CSS styling. I decided to go with a landing page with links to my portfolio and professional references. On the main landing page I created a navbar with a glowing hover effect that linked to the sections of the landing page or opened the portfolio page. In the about me div I created a parallax image with my portfolio image and my personal mission statement.
In the features div I highlighted my experience with digital, print, animation and coding with a clickable button linking to a more in depth portfolio page. I also included a section showing the applications that I have experience with followed by a clients section and a button linked to a professional reference page. Finally at the bottom is the footer, I used font awesome icons to link to my Behance Portfolio, Linkedin Profile, Github Repository and my Resume.

For the Portfolio page I copied the Nav bar and footer. I then used bootstraps card feature to add my portfolio pieces. The first section is the coding section that hightlights the projects done for coding bootcamp with links to the deployed page via Github. The second section is the digital projects section that hightlights professional digital projects. The third section is the print projects section that hightlights professional print projects and the last section is for professional animated projects. The digital, print and animated sections are all linked to my Behance portfolio that is more in depth.

The future development of this site is completing the client section and reference page. I have reached out to current clients and collaborators, former coworkers and employers to get a short statement. A completed version will have those quotes and a link to each references Linkedin Profile and possilby email. 

I also would like to add some more CSS to bring the site to life and complete the process of making all pages and links responsive for viewing on many devices.